---
layout: post
title: Revolutionizing Rice Milling in Cikedung - Same Day Service Activation for PT Pare Hade 3 by PLN
date: 2023-10-12 11:00:00-0400
author: Dino Arla
description: Nestled in the productive precincts of Indramayu, Cikedung stands proudly as a national rice granary, a title it has earned through years of dedicated cultivation and production. As technology continues to enhance agricultural processes, the importance of reliable electricity to power essential machinery cannot be overstated. This is where PLN Cikedung steps in, ensuring that the wheels of rice milling operations spin without interruption.
tags: pln cikedung indramayu
categories: pln
thumbnail: assets/img/blog/16-pare-hade/dino-arla-pare-hade-03.png
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: true
toc:
  sidebar: left
---


## Empowering the Heartbeat of National Rice Production with Reliable 197 kVA Electricity
Nestled in the productive precincts of Indramayu, Cikedung stands proudly as a national rice granary, a title it has earned through years of dedicated cultivation and production. As technology continues to enhance agricultural processes, the importance of reliable electricity to power essential machinery cannot be overstated. This is where PLN Cikedung steps in, ensuring that the wheels of rice milling operations spin without interruption.

Recently, PLN Cikedung embarked on a mission to deliver same-day service activation for PT Pare Hade 3, providing a robust 197 kVA power supply. This initiative is crucial as it fuels the heuler machines tasked with rice milling in the bountiful fields of Cikedung.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/blog/16-pare-hade/dino-arla-pare-hade-01.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/blog/16-pare-hade/dino-arla-pare-hade-03.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   Same Day Service Activation for PT Pare Hade 3 by PLN
</div>

## The Role of PLN in Powering Cikedung
PLN Cikedung's commitment to supporting local industries is evident in their rapid response and service delivery. By activating the electrical supply on the same day, PLN not only accelerates industrial progress but also supports the local economy. This service ensures that the rice milling machines operate smoothly, contributing to the national supply of rice.

## Ensuring Reliability and Transparency: A Supervisor’s Perspective
At the helm of ensuring seamless energy transactions is Dino, the supervisor overseeing the energy transaction process. Dino’s role is pivotal in managing the installation and operation of the Metering and Limiting Equipment (Alat Pengukur dan Pembatas). His focus on reliability and transparency ensures that every step of the installation process meets the highest standards.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/blog/16-pare-hade/dino-arla-pare-hade-05.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   Electrical Panel of Pare Hade
</div>

"Our goal is to make sure that PLN's services are not just fast but also reliable," Dino explains. "By maintaining transparency, we build trust with our clients, ensuring that all material processes are conducted with utmost integrity."

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/blog/16-pare-hade/dino-arla-pare-hade-02.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/blog/16-pare-hade/dino-arla-pare-hade-04.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
   Ensuring Reliability and Transparency
</div>

## Impact on the Local and National Economy
The swift activation of the power supply for PT Pare Hade 3 marks a significant milestone not only for the company but also for the local community. With the milling machines now operational, there is an anticipated increase in rice processing capacity, boosting both local employment and national rice output.

This collaboration between PLN and local enterprises underscores a shared commitment to innovation and excellence in the agricultural sector. As Cikedung continues to contribute to the national rice reserves, the community stands as a testament to what can be achieved when industry and utilities unite for the greater good.

In conclusion, the same-day service activation by PLN Cikedung for PT Pare Hade 3 is more than just a convenience—it's a catalyst for economic growth and a beacon of progress for the rice milling industry in Cikedung. Through reliable power supply and expert oversight, the collaboration ensures that Cikedung remains at the forefront of national rice production.